1. Overview of Machine Learning

Welcome to machine learning

Applications of machine learning

Intake Survey

Join the DeepLearning.AI Forum

2. Supervised vs. Unsupervised Machine Learning

What is machine learning?

Supervised learning part 1

Supervised learning part 2

Unsupervised learning part 1

Unsupervised learning part 2

3. Jupyter Notebooks & Python Environment

Jupyter Notebooks

Python and Jupyter Notebooks (Lab)

4. Supervised vs. Unsupervised Learning Assessment

Practice Quiz: Supervised vs unsupervised learning

Graded Assignment: Supervised vs unsupervised learning

5. Regression Model – Linear Regression

Linear regression model part 1

Linear regression model part 2

Optional Lab: Model representation

Cost function formula

Cost function intuition

Visualizing the cost function

Visualization examples

Optional Lab: Cost function

6. Regression Model Assessment

Practice Quiz: Regression

Graded Assignment: Regression

7. Training the Model with Gradient Descent

Gradient descent

Implementing gradient descent

Gradient descent intuition

Learning rate

Gradient descent for linear regression

Running gradient descent

Optional Lab: Gradient descent

8. Gradient Descent Assessment

Practice Quiz: Train the model with gradient descent

Graded Assignment: Train the model with gradient descent

9. Multiple Linear Regression

Multiple features

Vectorization part 1

Vectorization part 2

Optional Lab: Python, NumPy and vectorization

Gradient descent for multiple linear regression

Optional Lab: Multiple linear regression

10. Multiple Linear Regression Assessment

Practice Quiz: Multiple linear regression

Graded Assignment: Multiple linear regression

11. Gradient Descent in Practice

Feature scaling part 1

Feature scaling part 2

Checking gradient descent for convergence

Choosing the learning rate

Optional Lab: Feature scaling and learning rate

Feature engineering

Polynomial regression

Optional Lab: Feature engineering and polynomial regression

Optional Lab: Linear regression with scikit-learn

12. Gradient Descent in Practice Assessment

Practice Quiz: Gradient descent in practice

Graded Assignment: Gradient descent in practice

13. Week 2 Practice

Week 2 practice lab: Linear regression

14. Classification with Logistic Regression

Motivations

Optional Lab: Classification

Logistic regression

Optional Lab: Sigmoid function and logistic regression

Decision boundary

Optional Lab: Decision boundary

15. Classification Assessment

Practice Quiz: Classification with logistic regression

Graded Assignment: Classification with logistic regression

16. Cost Function for Logistic Regression

Cost function for logistic regression

Optional Lab: Logistic loss

Simplified cost function for logistic regression

Optional Lab: Cost function for logistic regression

17. Logistic Regression Cost Function Assessment

Practice Quiz: Cost function for logistic regression

Graded Assignment: Cost function for logistic regression

18. Gradient Descent for Logistic Regression

Gradient descent implementation

Optional Lab: Gradient descent for logistic regression

Optional Lab: Logistic regression with scikit-learn

19. Logistic Regression Gradient Descent Assessment

Practice Quiz: Gradient descent for logistic regression

Graded Assignment: Gradient descent for logistic regression

20. The Problem of Overfitting

The problem of overfitting

Addressing overfitting

Optional Lab: Overfitting

Cost function with regularization

Regularized linear regression

Regularized logistic regression

Optional Lab: Regularization

21. Overfitting Assessment

Practice Quiz: The problem of overfitting

Graded Assignment: The problem of overfitting

22. End of Lab Access

Reminder about end of access to Lab Notebooks

23. Week 3 Practice

Week 3 practice lab: Logistic regression

24. Conversations with Andrew (Optional)

Andrew Ng and Fei-Fei Li on Human-Centered AI

25. Course Wrap-Up
